n	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	120:122	nm	sentence_loc=6 prev_n1=value prev_n2=resolution_value prev_n3=microscope_resolution_value next_n2=nm_spot first_word=nm last_word=nm suffix3=nm suffix4=nm suffix5=nm plen=1 tag_list=NNP prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	144:146	nm	sentence_loc=13 prev_n1=nm prev_n2=value_nm prev_n3=resolution_value_nm next_n2=spot_times first_word=nm last_word=nm suffix3=nm suffix4=nm suffix5=nm plen=1 tag_list=NNP prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=to
y	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	292:302	resolution	sentence_loc=3 prev_n1=improvement prev_n2=microscopy_improvement prev_n3=volume_microscopy_improvement next_n2=lenses_location first_word=resolution last_word=resolution suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ution plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=in
n	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	417:431	the difference	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=location prev_n2=lenses_location prev_n3=resolution_lenses_location next_n2=path_length first_word=the last_word=difference suffix3=nce suffix4=ence suffix5=rence plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubjpass=aligned
n	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	548:557	molecules	sentence_loc=4 prev_n1=method prev_n2=lenses_method prev_n3=length_lenses_method next_n2=area_objectives first_word=molecules last_word=molecules suffix3=les suffix4=ules suffix5=cules plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubjpass=illuminated
y	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	769:781	the detector	sentence_loc=39 prev_n1=light prev_n2=superposition_light prev_n3=light_superposition_light next_n2=angle_Ω first_word=the last_word=detector suffix3=tor suffix4=ctor suffix5=ector plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=on
n	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	905:914	this case	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=case prev_n2=detection_case prev_n3=illumination_detection_case next_n2=sample_sides first_word=this last_word=case suffix3=ase suffix4=case suffix5=case plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=In
n	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	1495:1500	place	sentence_loc=9 prev_n1=pathways prev_n2=superposition_pathways prev_n3=detector_superposition_pathways next_n2=case_lens first_word=place last_word=place suffix3=ace suffix4=lace suffix5=place plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=take
?	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	1559:1564	light	sentence_loc=9 prev_n1=lens prev_n2=case_lens prev_n3=place_case_lens next_n2=angle_Ω first_word=light last_word=light suffix3=ght suffix4=ight suffix5=light plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=collect
?	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	2006:2011	light	sentence_loc=12 prev_n1=emission prev_n2=excitation_emission prev_n3=mode_excitation_emission next_n2=resolution_increase first_word=light last_word=light suffix3=ght suffix4=ight suffix5=light plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=excitation
y	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	2134:2153	confocal microscopy	sentence_loc=33 prev_n1=axis prev_n2=increase_axis prev_n3=resolution_increase_axis next_n2=Pi_microscope first_word=confocal last_word=microscopy suffix3=opy suffix4=copy suffix5=scopy plen=2 tag_list=JJ_NN prev_J=confocal prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=to
n	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	2885:2895	the number	sentence_loc=4 prev_n1=years prev_n2=Hell_years prev_n3=Stefan_Hell_years next_n2=applications_microscope first_word=the last_word=number suffix3=ber suffix4=mber suffix5=umber plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubj=grown
y	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	2899:2911	applications	sentence_loc=7 prev_n1=number prev_n2=years_number prev_n3=Hell_years_number next_n2=microscope_excitation first_word=applications last_word=applications suffix3=ons suffix4=ions suffix5=tions plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
y	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	2952:2962	excitation	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=microscope prev_n2=applications_microscope prev_n3=number_applications_microscope next_n2=detection_spots first_word=excitation last_word=excitation suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ation plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=Parallel prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=Parallel
y	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	3590:3609	confocal microscopy	sentence_loc=32 prev_n1=volume prev_n2=spot_volume prev_n3=nm_spot_volume next_n2=factor_cells first_word=confocal last_word=microscopy suffix3=opy suffix4=copy suffix5=scopy plen=2 tag_list=JJ_NN prev_J=confocal prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=to
n	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	3757:3763	images	sentence_loc=19 prev_n1=proteins prev_n2=RESOLFT_proteins prev_n3=microscopy_RESOLFT_proteins next_n2=living_cells first_word=images last_word=images suffix3=ges suffix4=ages suffix5=mages plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=take
n	4Pi_microscope.txt.gz	3834:3836	nm	sentence_loc=32 prev_n1=resolutions prev_n2=levels_resolutions prev_n3=cells_levels_resolutions next_n2= first_word=nm last_word=nm suffix3=nm suffix4=nm suffix5=nm plen=1 tag_list=NNP prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=below
y	4Pi_STED_microscopy.txt.gz	230:240	excitation	sentence_loc=17 prev_n1=lenses prev_n2=focus_lenses prev_n3=sample_focus_lenses next_n2=detection_lens first_word=excitation last_word=excitation suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ation plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubjpass=performed
y	Abbe_refractometer.txt.gz	93:103	refraction	sentence_loc=16 prev_n1=index prev_n2=measurement_index prev_n3=highprecision_measurement_index next_n2=Ernst_Abbe first_word=refraction last_word=refraction suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ction plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
y	Abbe_refractometer.txt.gz	426:436	dispersion	sentence_loc=9 prev_n1=effects prev_n2=adjustments_effects prev_n3=temperatures_adjustments_effects next_n2=analog_scales first_word=dispersion last_word=dispersion suffix3=ion suffix4=sion suffix5=rsion plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Abbe_refractometer.txt.gz	1554:1562	the need	sentence_loc=12 prev_n1=measurement prev_n2=display_measurement prev_n3=refractometers_display_measurement next_n2=graduations_user first_word=the last_word=need suffix3=eed suffix4=need suffix5=need plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=eliminating
n	Abbe_refractometer.txt.gz	1856:1863	the use	sentence_loc=3 prev_n1=reading prev_n2=eye_reading prev_n3=users_eye_reading next_n2=water_baths first_word=the last_word=use suffix3=use suffix4=use suffix5=use plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=required
n	Abbe_refractometer.txt.gz	1960:1971	the ability	sentence_loc=6 prev_n1=temperature prev_n2=instrument_temperature prev_n3=baths_instrument_temperature next_n2=temperature_differences first_word=the last_word=ability suffix3=ity suffix4=lity suffix5=ility plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=have
y	Abbe_refractometer.txt.gz	2350:2362	measurements	sentence_loc=13 prev_n1=capability prev_n2=refractometers_capability prev_n3=Abbe_refractometers_capability next_n2=wavelengths_nanometers first_word=measurements last_word=measurements suffix3=nts suffix4=ents suffix5=ments plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
y	Abbe_refractometer.txt.gz	2503:2515	measurements	sentence_loc=14 prev_n1=wavelength prev_n2=filters_wavelength prev_n3=instruments_filters_wavelength next_n2=viewer_rays first_word=measurements last_word=measurements suffix3=nts suffix4=ents suffix5=ments plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=extend
y	Abbe_refractometer.txt.gz	2793:2807	the instrument	sentence_loc=15 prev_n1=devices prev_n2=effect_devices prev_n3=Peltier_effect_devices next_n2=sample_need first_word=the last_word=instrument suffix3=ent suffix4=ment suffix5=ument plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=cool
n	Abbe_refractometer.txt.gz	2836:2844	the need	sentence_loc=22 prev_n1=sample prev_n2=instrument_sample prev_n3=devices_instrument_sample next_n2=water_bath first_word=the last_word=need suffix3=eed suffix4=need suffix5=need plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=eliminating
n	Abbe_refractometer.txt.gz	3097:3108	the ability	sentence_loc=8 prev_n1=controls prev_n2=manufacturers_controls prev_n3=measurements_manufacturers_controls next_n2=export_readings first_word=the last_word=ability suffix3=ity suffix4=lity suffix5=ility plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=with
y	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	230:242	transmission	sentence_loc=2 prev_n1=structures prev_n2=technology_structures prev_n3=application_technology_structures next_n2=reflection_waves first_word=transmission last_word=transmission suffix3=ion suffix4=sion suffix5=ssion plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=uses
y	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	367:379	transmission	sentence_loc=23 prev_n1=gel prev_n2=help_gel prev_n3=wall_help_gel next_n2=waves_reason first_word=transmission last_word=transmission suffix3=ion suffix4=sion suffix5=ssion plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=helps
n	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	479:487	contrast	sentence_loc=14 prev_n1=ultrasound prev_n2=procedure_ultrasound prev_n3=reason_procedure_ultrasound next_n2=endoscopic_ultrasound first_word=contrast last_word=contrast suffix3=ast suffix4=rast suffix5=trast plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=in
y	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	493:514	endoscopic ultrasound	sentence_loc=16 prev_n1=contrast prev_n2=ultrasound_contrast prev_n3=procedure_ultrasound_contrast next_n2=combining_ultrasound first_word=endoscopic last_word=ultrasound suffix3=und suffix4=ound suffix5=sound plen=2 tag_list=NNS_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=with
y	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	538:548	ultrasound	sentence_loc=22 prev_n1=combining prev_n2=ultrasound_combining prev_n3=endoscopic_ultrasound_combining next_n2=endoscopy_structures first_word=ultrasound last_word=ultrasound suffix3=und suffix4=ound suffix5=sound plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=combining
n	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	1071:1078	example	sentence_loc=18 prev_n1=vessels prev_n2=blood_vessels prev_n3=blood_blood_vessels next_n2=artery_stenosis first_word=example last_word=example suffix3=ple suffix4=mple suffix5=ample plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=for
y	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	1409:1419	ultrasound	sentence_loc=8 prev_n1=tests prev_n2=function_tests prev_n3=liver_function_tests next_n2=liver_size first_word=ultrasound last_word=ultrasound suffix3=und suffix4=ound suffix5=sound plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubj=show
n	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	1508:1515	example	sentence_loc=23 prev_n1=reflectiveness prev_n2=hepatomegaly_reflectiveness prev_n3=size_hepatomegaly_reflectiveness next_n2=cholestasis_gallbladder first_word=example last_word=example suffix3=ple suffix4=mple suffix5=ample plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=for
y	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	1738:1748	ultrasound	sentence_loc=23 prev_n1=lipase prev_n2=amylase_lipase prev_n3=enzymes_amylase_lipase next_n2=information_Ultrasound first_word=ultrasound last_word=ultrasound suffix3=und suffix4=ound suffix5=sound plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubjpass=used
y	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	2117:2142	abdominal ultrasonography	sentence_loc=17 prev_n1=providers prev_n2=care_providers prev_n3=health_care_providers next_n2=insight_persons first_word=abdominal last_word=ultrasonography suffix3=phy suffix4=aphy suffix5=raphy plen=2 tag_list=JJ_NN prev_J=abdominal prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=using
n	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	2472:2479	example	sentence_loc=9 prev_n1=stones prev_n2=imaging_stones prev_n3=Ultrasound_imaging_stones next_n2=kidney_stones first_word=example last_word=example suffix3=ple suffix4=mple suffix5=ample plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=for
n	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	3000:3007	example	sentence_loc=32 prev_n1=patients prev_n2=Xrays_patients prev_n3=exposure_Xrays_patients next_n2=techniques_tomography first_word=example last_word=example suffix3=ple suffix4=mple suffix5=ample plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=for
n	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	3444:3451	example	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=movements prev_n2=influence_movements prev_n3=sedation_influence_movements next_n2=probe_gallbladder first_word=example last_word=example suffix3=ple suffix4=mple suffix5=ample plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=For
n	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	3696:3701	water	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=women prev_n2=uterus_women prev_n3=ovaries_uterus_women next_n2=conductor_waves first_word=water last_word=water suffix3=ter suffix4=ater suffix5=water plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubj=is
n	Abdominal_ultrasonography.txt.gz	3870:3875	water	sentence_loc=28 prev_n1=plenty prev_n2=patients_plenty prev_n3=bladder_patients_plenty next_n2=examination first_word=water last_word=water suffix3=ter suffix4=ater suffix5=water plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorber.txt.gz	157:166	a variety	sentence_loc=5 prev_n1=Absorbers prev_n2=particle_Absorbers prev_n3=incident_particle_Absorbers next_n2=materials_purpose first_word=a last_word=variety suffix3=ety suffix4=iety suffix5=riety plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorber.txt.gz	291:295	part	sentence_loc=5 prev_n1=absorbers prev_n2=choices_absorbers prev_n3=hydrogen_choices_absorbers next_n2=particle_detector first_word=part last_word=part suffix3=art suffix4=part suffix5=part plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=as
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	91:100	radiation	sentence_loc=12 prev_n1=absorption prev_n2=techniques_absorption prev_n3=spectroscopy_techniques_absorption next_n2=function_frequency first_word=radiation last_word=radiation suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ation plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	106:116	a function	sentence_loc=15 prev_n1=radiation prev_n2=absorption_radiation prev_n3=techniques_absorption_radiation next_n2=frequency_wavelength first_word=a last_word=function suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ction plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=as
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	120:129	frequency	sentence_loc=18 prev_n1=function prev_n2=radiation_function prev_n3=absorption_radiation_function next_n2=wavelength_interaction first_word=frequency last_word=frequency suffix3=ncy suffix4=ency suffix5=uency plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
?	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	203:209	energy	sentence_loc=3 prev_n1=sample prev_n2=sample_sample prev_n3=interaction_sample_sample next_n2=photons_field first_word=energy last_word=energy suffix3=rgy suffix4=ergy suffix5=nergy plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=absorbs
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	294:304	a function	sentence_loc=7 prev_n1=absorption prev_n2=intensity_absorption prev_n3=field_intensity_absorption next_n2=frequency_variation first_word=a last_word=function suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ction plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=as
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	308:317	frequency	sentence_loc=10 prev_n1=function prev_n2=absorption_function prev_n3=intensity_absorption_function next_n2=variation_absorption first_word=frequency last_word=frequency suffix3=ncy suffix4=ency suffix5=uency plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	524:536	the presence	sentence_loc=11 prev_n1=tool prev_n2=chemistry_tool prev_n3=spectroscopy_chemistry_tool next_n2=substance_sample first_word=the last_word=presence suffix3=nce suffix4=ence suffix5=sence plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=determine
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	607:617	the amount	sentence_loc=28 prev_n1=cases prev_n2=sample_cases prev_n3=substance_sample_cases next_n2=substance_present first_word=the last_word=amount suffix3=unt suffix4=ount suffix5=mount plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubj=present
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	1018:1027	radiation	sentence_loc=11 prev_n1=beam prev_n2=arrangement_beam prev_n3=spectra_arrangement_beam next_n2=sample_intensity first_word=radiation last_word=radiation suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ation plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	1397:1409	the material	sentence_loc=12 prev_n1=radiation prev_n2=incident_radiation prev_n3=fraction_incident_radiation next_n2=range_frequencies first_word=the last_word=material suffix3=ial suffix4=rial suffix5=erial plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=by
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	1533:1545	the material	sentence_loc=14 prev_n1=composition prev_n2=spectrum_composition prev_n3=absorption_spectrum_composition next_n2=Radiation_frequencies first_word=the last_word=material suffix3=ial suffix4=rial suffix5=erial plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	2067:2076	molecules	sentence_loc=9 prev_n1=interactions prev_n2=frequencies_interactions prev_n3=sample_frequencies_interactions next_n2=sample_crystal first_word=molecules last_word=molecules suffix3=les suffix4=ules suffix5=cules plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=between
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	2168:2179	temperature	sentence_loc=27 prev_n1=factors prev_n2=solids_factors prev_n3=structure_solids_factors next_n2=pressure_field first_word=temperature last_word=temperature suffix3=ure suffix4=ture suffix5=ature plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_appos=e.g.
?	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	2182:2190	pressure	sentence_loc=29 prev_n1=temperature prev_n2=factors_temperature prev_n3=solids_factors_temperature next_n2=field_lines first_word=pressure last_word=pressure suffix3=ure suffix4=sure suffix5=ssure plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=temperature
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	2342:2352	the system	sentence_loc=23 prev_n1=states prev_n2=density_states prev_n3=density_density_states next_n2=Absorption_lines first_word=the last_word=system suffix3=tem suffix4=stem suffix5=ystem plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	2500:2508	instance	sentence_loc=4 prev_n1=lines prev_n2=atom_lines prev_n3=molecule_atom_lines next_n2=state_molecule first_word=instance last_word=instance suffix3=nce suffix4=ance suffix5=tance plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=for
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	2671:2678	changes	sentence_loc=4 prev_n1=lines prev_n2=region_lines prev_n3=microwave_region_lines next_n2=state_molecule first_word=changes last_word=changes suffix3=ges suffix4=nges suffix5=anges plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=to
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	3445:3453	instance	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=shifts prev_n2=molecules_shifts prev_n3=neighboring_molecules_shifts next_n2=absorption_lines first_word=instance last_word=instance suffix3=nce suffix4=ance suffix5=tance plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=For
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	3688:3702	the instrument	sentence_loc=10 prev_n1=lines prev_n2=absorption_lines prev_n3=shape_absorption_lines next_n2=observation_material first_word=the last_word=instrument suffix3=ent suffix4=ment suffix5=ument plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=by
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	4128:4138	the amount	sentence_loc=17 prev_n1=line prev_n2=absorption_line prev_n3=area_absorption_line next_n2=substance_present first_word=the last_word=amount suffix3=unt suffix4=ount suffix5=mount plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=to
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	4208:4223	the temperature	sentence_loc=6 prev_n1=intensity prev_n2=present_intensity prev_n3=substance_present_intensity next_n2=substance_quantum first_word=the last_word=temperature suffix3=ure suffix4=ture suffix5=ature plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=to
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	4969:4984	the temperature	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=gas prev_n2=lines_gas prev_n3=absorption_lines_gas next_n2=pressure_absorbing first_word=the last_word=temperature suffix3=ure suffix4=ture suffix5=ature plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=Increasing
?	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	4988:4996	pressure	sentence_loc=4 prev_n1=temperature prev_n2=gas_temperature prev_n3=lines_gas_temperature next_n2=absorbing_material first_word=pressure last_word=pressure suffix3=ure suffix4=sure suffix5=ssure plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=temperature
?	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	5705:5711	energy	sentence_loc=9 prev_n1=substance prev_n2=process_substance prev_n3=Emission_process_substance next_n2=form_radiation first_word=energy last_word=energy suffix3=rgy suffix4=ergy suffix5=nergy plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=releases
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	5727:5752	electromagnetic radiation	sentence_loc=14 prev_n1=form prev_n2=energy_form prev_n3=substance_energy_form next_n2=Emission_frequency first_word=electromagnetic last_word=radiation suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ation plen=2 tag_list=JJ_NN prev_J=electromagnetic prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	5799:5809	absorption	sentence_loc=8 prev_n1=frequency prev_n2=Emission_frequency prev_n3=radiation_Emission_frequency next_n2=absorption_lines first_word=absorption last_word=absorption suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ption plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubj=occur
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	6237:6245	citation	sentence_loc=0 prev_n1=substance prev_n2=states_substance prev_n3=quantum_states_substance next_n2=scattering_reflection first_word=citation last_word=citation suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ation plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubj=needed
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	6343:6353	refraction	sentence_loc=18 prev_n1=index prev_n2=material_index prev_n3=spectra_material_index next_n2=absorption_spectrum first_word=refraction last_word=refraction suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ction plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	7029:7039	absorption	sentence_loc=18 prev_n1=mixture prev_n2=compounds_mixture prev_n3=spectra_compounds_mixture next_n2=variety_applications first_word=absorption last_word=absorption suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ption plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubj=spectroscopy
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	7079:7091	applications	sentence_loc=25 prev_n1=variety prev_n2=absorption_variety prev_n3=mixture_absorption_variety next_n2=instance_gas first_word=applications last_word=applications suffix3=ons suffix4=ions suffix5=tions plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	7097:7105	instance	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=applications prev_n2=variety_applications prev_n3=absorption_variety_applications next_n2=gas_analyzers first_word=instance last_word=instance suffix3=nce suffix4=ance suffix5=tance plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=For
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	7154:7166	the presence	sentence_loc=11 prev_n1=analyzers prev_n2=gas_analyzers prev_n3=instance_gas_analyzers next_n2=pollutants_air first_word=the last_word=presence suffix3=nce suffix4=ence suffix5=sence plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=identify
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	7245:7250	water	sentence_loc=27 prev_n1=oxygen prev_n2=nitrogen_oxygen prev_n3=pollutant_nitrogen_oxygen next_n2=constituents_specificity first_word=water last_word=water suffix3=ter suffix4=ater suffix5=water plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=oxygen
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	7553:7561	instance	sentence_loc=4 prev_n1=spectra prev_n2=library_spectra prev_n3=sample_library_spectra next_n2=characteristics_absorption first_word=instance last_word=instance suffix3=nce suffix4=ance suffix5=tance plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=for
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	7725:7735	the amount	sentence_loc=8 prev_n1=spectrum prev_n2=absorption_spectrum prev_n3=bonds_absorption_spectrum next_n2=material_present first_word=the last_word=amount suffix3=unt suffix4=ount suffix5=mount plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=to
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	8138:8150	spectroscopy	sentence_loc=6 prev_n1=advantages prev_n2=target_advantages prev_n3=concentration_target_advantages next_n2=technique_measurements first_word=spectroscopy last_word=spectroscopy suffix3=opy suffix4=copy suffix5=scopy plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	8186:8198	measurements	sentence_loc=13 prev_n1=technique prev_n2=spectroscopy_technique prev_n3=advantages_spectroscopy_technique next_n2=instrument_sample first_word=measurements last_word=measurements suffix3=nts suffix4=ents suffix5=ments plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubjpass=made
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	8228:8242	the instrument	sentence_loc=19 prev_n1=measurements prev_n2=technique_measurements prev_n3=spectroscopy_technique_measurements next_n2=sample_contact first_word=the last_word=instrument suffix3=ent suffix4=ment suffix5=ument plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=bringing
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	8467:8474	example	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=situations prev_n2=sensing_situations prev_n3=measurement_sensing_situations next_n2=measurements_environments first_word=example last_word=example suffix3=ple suffix4=mple suffix5=ample plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=For
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	8476:8488	measurements	sentence_loc=3 prev_n1=example prev_n2=situations_example prev_n3=sensing_situations_example next_n2=environments_operator first_word=measurements last_word=measurements suffix3=nts suffix4=ents suffix5=ments plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubjpass=made
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	8655:8669	the instrument	sentence_loc=13 prev_n1=contact prev_n2=material_contact prev_n3=sample_material_contact next_n2=cross_contamination first_word=the last_word=instrument suffix3=ent suffix4=ment suffix5=ument plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=with
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	8840:8848	interest	sentence_loc=7 prev_n1=sample prev_n2=space_sample prev_n3=measurements_space_sample next_n2=instrument_absorptions first_word=interest last_word=interest suffix3=est suffix4=rest suffix5=erest plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	8853:8867	the instrument	sentence_loc=9 prev_n1=interest prev_n2=sample_interest prev_n3=space_sample_interest next_n2=absorptions_absorptions first_word=the last_word=instrument suffix3=ent suffix4=ment suffix5=ument plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=sample
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	9032:9036	time	sentence_loc=7 prev_n1=interferences prev_n2=background_interferences prev_n3=sample_background_interferences next_n2=source_radiation first_word=time last_word=time suffix3=ime suffix4=time suffix5=time plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=over
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	9052:9061	radiation	sentence_loc=3 prev_n1=source prev_n2=time_source prev_n3=interferences_time_source next_n2=measurements_source first_word=radiation last_word=radiation suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ation plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	9249:9256	changes	sentence_loc=35 prev_n1=absorption prev_n2=object_absorption prev_n3=radiation_object_absorption next_n2=source_spectrum first_word=changes last_word=changes suffix3=ges suffix4=nges suffix5=anges plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=from
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	9824:9833	this case	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=sensing prev_n2=type_sensing prev_n3=spectroscopy_type_sensing next_n2=objects_samples first_word=this last_word=case suffix3=ase suffix4=case suffix5=case plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=In
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	9862:9870	interest	sentence_loc=9 prev_n1=samples prev_n2=objects_samples prev_n3=case_objects_samples next_n2=earth_radiation first_word=interest last_word=interest suffix3=est suffix4=rest suffix5=erest plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	9902:9927	electromagnetic radiation	sentence_loc=16 prev_n1=earth prev_n2=interest_earth prev_n3=samples_interest_earth next_n2=means_spectra first_word=electromagnetic last_word=radiation suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ation plen=2 tag_list=JJ_NN prev_J=electromagnetic prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubj=is
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	10189:10198	molecules	sentence_loc=17 prev_n1=clouds prev_n2=spectroscopy_clouds prev_n3=Absorption_spectroscopy_clouds next_n2=Absorption_spectroscopy first_word=molecules last_word=molecules suffix3=les suffix4=ules suffix5=cules plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=contain
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	10447:10458	temperature	sentence_loc=25 prev_n1=composition prev_n2=atmospheric_composition prev_n3=planets_atmospheric_composition next_n2=pressure_scale first_word=temperature last_word=temperature suffix3=ure suffix4=ture suffix5=ature plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=composition
?	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	10460:10468	pressure	sentence_loc=27 prev_n1=temperature prev_n2=composition_temperature prev_n3=atmospheric_composition_temperature next_n2=scale_height first_word=pressure last_word=pressure suffix3=ure suffix4=sure suffix5=ssure plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=temperature
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	10661:10670	molecules	sentence_loc=16 prev_n1=atoms prev_n2=spectra_atoms prev_n3=absorption_spectra_atoms next_n2=properties_structure first_word=molecules last_word=molecules suffix3=les suffix4=ules suffix5=cules plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=atoms
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	10765:10769	mass	sentence_loc=32 prev_n1=structure prev_n2=properties_structure prev_n3=molecules_properties_structure next_n2=geometry_measurements first_word=mass last_word=mass suffix3=ass suffix4=mass suffix5=mass plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=molecular prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=atomic
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	10808:10820	measurements	sentence_loc=2 prev_n1=geometry prev_n2=mass_geometry prev_n3=structure_mass_geometry next_n2=absorption_spectrum first_word=measurements last_word=measurements suffix3=nts suffix4=ents suffix5=ments plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubjpass=used
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	10923:10930	example	sentence_loc=4 prev_n1=spectroscopy prev_n2=properties_spectroscopy prev_n3=spectrum_properties_spectroscopy next_n2=determination_bond first_word=example last_word=example suffix3=ple suffix4=mple suffix5=ample plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=for
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	11013:11021	addition	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=precision prev_n2=angles_precision prev_n3=lengths_angles_precision next_n2=measurements_accuracy first_word=addition last_word=addition suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ition plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=In
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	11115:11122	example	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=predictions prev_n2=accuracy_predictions prev_n3=measurements_accuracy_predictions next_n2=Lamb_shift first_word=example last_word=example suffix3=ple suffix4=mple suffix5=ample plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=For
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	11220:11228	the time	sentence_loc=19 prev_n1=spectrum prev_n2=absorption_spectrum prev_n3=atomic_absorption_spectrum next_n2=discovery_development first_word=the last_word=time suffix3=ime suffix4=time suffix5=time plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=at
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	11279:11294	the development	sentence_loc=5 prev_n1=discovery prev_n2=time_discovery prev_n3=spectrum_time_discovery next_n2=quantum_electrodynamics first_word=the last_word=development suffix3=ent suffix4=ment suffix5=pment plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=guided
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	11328:11340	measurements	sentence_loc=12 prev_n1=electrodynamics prev_n2=quantum_electrodynamics prev_n3=development_quantum_electrodynamics next_n2=Lamb_shift first_word=measurements last_word=measurements suffix3=nts suffix4=ents suffix5=ments plen=1 tag_list=NNS prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubjpass=used
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	11452:11475	absorption spectroscopy	sentence_loc=5 prev_n1=approach prev_n2=finestructure_approach prev_n3=shift_finestructure_approach next_n2=radiation_source first_word=absorption last_word=spectroscopy suffix3=opy suffix4=copy suffix5=scopy plen=2 tag_list=NN_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=to
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	11491:11500	radiation	sentence_loc=10 prev_n1=spectroscopy prev_n2=absorption_spectroscopy prev_n3=approach_absorption_spectroscopy next_n2=source_reference first_word=radiation last_word=radiation suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ation plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=generate
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	11632:11644	the material	sentence_loc=33 prev_n1=spectrum prev_n2=sample_spectrum prev_n3=detector_sample_spectrum next_n2=interest_source first_word=the last_word=material suffix3=ial suffix4=rial suffix5=erial plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=placing
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	11648:11656	interest	sentence_loc=36 prev_n1=material prev_n2=spectrum_material prev_n3=sample_spectrum_material next_n2=source_detector first_word=interest last_word=interest suffix3=est suffix4=rest suffix5=erest plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	11683:11691	detector	sentence_loc=42 prev_n1=source prev_n2=interest_source prev_n3=material_interest_source next_n2=spectra_materials first_word=detector last_word=detector suffix3=tor suffix4=ctor suffix5=ector plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=source
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	12023:12031	detector	sentence_loc=39 prev_n1=source prev_n2=materials_source prev_n3=spectra_materials_source next_n2=wavelength_characteristics first_word=detector last_word=detector suffix3=tor suffix4=ctor suffix5=ector plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=source
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	12080:12092	the detector	sentence_loc=46 prev_n1=characteristics prev_n2=wavelength_characteristics prev_n3=detector_wavelength_characteristics next_n2=reference_spectrum first_word=the last_word=detector suffix3=tor suffix4=ctor suffix5=ector plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	12256:12268	the material	sentence_loc=26 prev_n1=spectrum prev_n2=absorption_spectrum prev_n3=combination_absorption_spectrum next_n2=variety_radiation first_word=the last_word=material suffix3=ial suffix4=rial suffix5=erial plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	12329:12334	order	sentence_loc=9 prev_n1=sources prev_n2=radiation_sources prev_n3=variety_radiation_sources next_n2=spectrum_spectroscopy first_word=order last_word=order suffix3=der suffix4=rder suffix5=order plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=in
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	12378:12390	spectroscopy	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=spectrum prev_n2=order_spectrum prev_n3=sources_order_spectrum next_n2=source_swath first_word=spectroscopy last_word=spectroscopy suffix3=opy suffix4=copy suffix5=scopy plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=For
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	12472:12477	order	sentence_loc=18 prev_n1=wavelengths prev_n2=swath_wavelengths prev_n3=source_swath_wavelengths next_n2=region_absorption first_word=order last_word=order suffix3=der suffix4=rder suffix5=order plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=in
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	13242:13250	interest	sentence_loc=16 prev_n1=range prev_n2=wavelength_range prev_n3=power_wavelength_range next_n2=detectors_range first_word=interest last_word=interest suffix3=est suffix4=rest suffix5=erest plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	13318:13328	the sensor	sentence_loc=11 prev_n1=range prev_n2=detectors_range prev_n3=interest_detectors_range next_n2=sensitivity_noise first_word=the last_word=sensor suffix3=sor suffix4=nsor suffix5=ensor plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubj=selected
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	13384:13389	noise	sentence_loc=22 prev_n1=sensitivity prev_n2=sensor_sensitivity prev_n3=range_sensor_sensitivity next_n2=requirements_measurement first_word=noise last_word=noise suffix3=ise suffix4=oise suffix5=noise plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=depend
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	13459:13471	spectroscopy	sentence_loc=5 prev_n1=detectors prev_n2=Examples_detectors prev_n3=measurement_Examples_detectors next_n2=heterodyne_receivers first_word=spectroscopy last_word=spectroscopy suffix3=opy suffix4=copy suffix5=scopy plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=in
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	13748:13760	the detector	sentence_loc=5 prev_n1=source prev_n2=tubes_source prev_n3=photodiodes_tubes_source next_n2=region_means first_word=the last_word=detector suffix3=tor suffix4=ctor suffix5=ector plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_conj=source
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	13887:13892	order	sentence_loc=30 prev_n1=radiation prev_n2=wavelength_radiation prev_n3=means_wavelength_radiation next_n2=spectrum_spectrograph first_word=order last_word=order suffix3=der suffix4=rder suffix5=order plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=in
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	13990:13999	radiation	sentence_loc=11 prev_n1=wavelengths prev_n2=spectrograph_wavelengths prev_n3=spectrum_spectrograph_wavelengths next_n2=power_wavelength first_word=radiation last_word=radiation suffix3=ion suffix4=tion suffix5=ation plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
y	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	14096:14110	interferometry	sentence_loc=6 prev_n1=wavelength prev_n2=power_wavelength prev_n3=radiation_power_wavelength next_n2=spectrum_Fourier first_word=interferometry last_word=interferometry suffix3=try suffix4=etry suffix5=metry plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_dobj=employ
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	14499:14506	the use	sentence_loc=9 prev_n1=measurements prev_n2=NIR_measurements prev_n3=UV_NIR_measurements next_n2=precision_quartz first_word=the last_word=use suffix3=use suffix4=use suffix5=use plen=2 tag_list=DT_NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_nsubj=are
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	14681:14689	interest	sentence_loc=23 prev_n1=range prev_n2=wavelength_range prev_n3=absorption_wavelength_range next_n2=absorption_materials first_word=interest last_word=interest suffix3=est suffix4=rest suffix5=erest plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=of
n	Absorption_spectroscopy.txt.gz	14790:14798	instance	sentence_loc=1 prev_n1=sample prev_n2=absorption_sample prev_n3=materials_absorption_sample next_n2=wavelength_sample first_word=instance last_word=instance suffix3=nce suffix4=ance suffix5=tance plen=1 tag_list=NN prev_J=None prev_Npr=None prev_Jpr=None dep_pobj=For
